update packages version improvements, release process doc updated (#2674)
fetchai/agents-aea: scripts/RELEASE_PROCESS.md

# Release Process from develop to main

1. Make sure all tests pass, coverage is at 100% and the local branch is in a clean state (nothing to commit). Make sure you have a clean develop virtual environment. 
   

> 2. Determine the next AEA version 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Determine the next AEA version. Create a new release branch named "feature/release-{new-version}". Switch to this branch. Run `python scripts/bump_aea_version.py --new-version NEW_VERSION_HERE`. Commit if satisfied.
```

>    Create new release branch named "feature/release-{new-version}, switch to this branch"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    Run `python scripts/bump_aea_version.py --new-version NEW_VERSION_HERE`. Commit if satisfied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

9. Run spell checker `./scripts/spell-check.sh`. Run `pylint --disable all --enable spelling ...`. Commit if required.

> 10. Open PRs and merge into develop. Then open develop to main PR and merge it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Open PRs and merge into develop. Then switch to the develop branch, open a PR from develop to main and merge if no problems.
```

15. Make clean environment and install release from PyPI: `pip install aea[all] --no-cache`.

> 16. Release packages into registry: `python scripts/deploy_to_registry.py`. Run it several times till all packages updated, cause some dependencies order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16. Release packages into registry: `python scripts/deploy_to_registry.py`. You might have to run the script a few times until all packages are updated due to some dependencies.
```

> 17. AEA develop docker image don automatically with CI with develop to main PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
17. Note, the AEA develop docker image is automatically created as part of the CI process in the develop to main PR.
```
